Add `--skip-invitation` option for `reclaim-mannequin` (#968)
github/gh-gei: RELEASENOTES.md

- Include the migration ID in the default output filename when running `download-logs`
- Include the date with the timestamp when writing to the log
- When blob storage credentials are provided to the CLI but will not be used for a GHES migration, log a clear warning, not an info message
- Unhide the `--archive-download-host` argument in the documentation for `gh bbs2gh migrate-repo` and `gh bbs2gh generate-script`

> - Include new flag '--skip-invitation' in ReclaimMannequinCommand to allow for reclaimation of mannequins without email invitation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new '--skip-invitation' flag for `reclaim-mannequin` to allow EMU organizations to reclaim mannequins without an email invitation
```

Author: Verbiage updated! 🎉
